08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/README.md, before:

# 08 Super Resolution & Neural Style Transfer

## Assignment

Train SRGAN on the drone images dataset you created. Your target is to train an SRGAN network (pre-trained models are fine) to be awesome at drone/flying object Super Resolution. Once done, upload it to your webpage - 1000pts.

## Solution

Github: [https://github.com/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/IFO_SuperResolution.ipynb](https://github.com/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/IFO_SuperResolution.ipynb)

Colab: [https://colab.research.google.com/github/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/IFO_SuperResolution.ipynb](https://colab.research.google.com/github/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/IFO_SuperResolution.ipynb)

High Resolution Images: [IFO_200](IFO_200)

Low Resolution Images: [IFO 400](IFO_400)

## Deployment [http://thetensorclan-web.herokuapp.com/ifo-sr](http://thetensorclan-web.herokuapp.com/ifo-sr)

## Demo

![demo](demo8.gif)

## Results

![r1](assets/result_0.png)

![r2](assets/result_1.png)

![r3](assets/result_2.png)

Commit message:

update S8: add neural style transfer

08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/README.md, after:

# 08 Super Resolution & Neural Style Transfer

## Assignment

1. Train SRGAN on the drone images dataset you created. Your target is to train an SRGAN network (pre-trained models are fine) to be awesome at drone/flying object Super Resolution. Once done, upload it to your webpage - 1000pts.

2. Add a neural style transfer page on your Webpage - 500

## Resolution - Style Transfer

Github: [https://github.com/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/FastNeuralStyleTransfer.ipynb](https://github.com/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/FastNeuralStyleTransfer.ipynb)

Colab: [https://colab.research.google.com/github/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/FastNeuralStyleTransfer.ipynb](https://colab.research.google.com/github/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/FastNeuralStyleTransfer.ipynb)

## Deployment: [https://thetensorclan-web.herokuapp.com/style-transfer](https://thetensorclan-web.herokuapp.com/style-transfer)

### Results

![style-transfer](assets/style_transfer.png)

### Demo

![demo](demo10.gif)

## Solution - Super Resolution

Github: [https://github.com/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/IFO_SuperResolution.ipynb](https://github.com/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/IFO_SuperResolution.ipynb)

Colab: [https://colab.research.google.com/github/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/IFO_SuperResolution.ipynb](https://colab.research.google.com/github/satyajitghana/TSAI-DeepVision-EVA4.0-Phase-2/blob/master/08-SuperResolution_StyleTransfer/IFO_SuperResolution.ipynb)

High Resolution Images: [IFO_200](IFO_200)

Low Resolution Images: [IFO 400](IFO_400)

## Deployment [http://thetensorclan-web.herokuapp.com/ifo-sr](http://thetensorclan-web.herokuapp.com/ifo-sr)

## Demo

![demo](demo8.gif)

## Results

![r1](assets/result_0.png)

![r2](assets/result_1.png)

![r3](assets/result_2.png)
